Good morning. It's Saturday, April fourth, twenty twenty-six. Happy Easter
weekend. I'm Ava, and this is your daily briefing. Let's
start with weather. Jefferson City is looking at partly cloudy
skies today with highs in the upper sixties. A nice
spring Saturday. Tacoma is cooler, mid-fifties with scattered showers —
typical Pacific Northwest. No events on the calendar today or
tomorrow. It's Easter weekend. Tomorrow, confirm lunch plans with Mom
and Dad. Monday brings the Artemis two lunar flyby —
four astronauts will swing around the moon at record-breaking distance.
And Tuesday is the Proposition A vote here in Cole
County, the capital improvement sales tax renewal. Moving to messages.
Katelyn sent a few yesterday. She forwarded an Axios Seattle
piece about Washington signing new A-I regulation laws — chatbot
disclosure requirements and A-I watermarks. Seattle unemployment is at five
point two percent. Sound Transit light rail is apparently ahead
of schedule. She also wished you a happy Easter weekend.
Now for the big stories. An American F-fifteen-E Strike Eagle
was shot down over Iran yesterday. This is the first
U-S aircraft lost to enemy fire since the war began
thirty-six days ago. One crew member was rescued. The other,
the pilot, is still missing. The Pentagon has not released
names. This is a significant escalation — and a reminder
that Day thirty-six of this conflict is producing real casualties.
President Trump dropped a one-point-five trillion dollar defense budget request
yesterday — the largest in American history. That's a forty-four
percent increase over current levels, paired with ten percent cuts
to domestic spending. This budget is a statement of wartime
priorities. The March jobs report came in hot. One hundred
seventy-eight thousand jobs added — three times what economists expected.
Unemployment fell to four point three percent. But here's the
catch: February was revised sharply downward to negative one hundred
thirty-three thousand. So the labor market picture is more mixed
than the headline suggests. On the Anthropic front, three big
moves. First, the company acquired Coefficient Bio for four hundred
million dollars, expanding into healthcare A-I. Second, Anthropic launched Anthro-Pack,
an employee-funded political action committee for the twenty twenty-six midterms.
And third, C-C-O Paul Smith confirmed that an Open-Claw competitor
is coming — quote, "it's a matter of when." All
of this while the Mythos situation continues to simmer in
the background. Space-X filed for an I-P-O targeting a valuation
above two trillion dollars, though the Starship V-three launch has
been pushed to May. Apple released the i-O-S twenty-six point
five public beta one. And four-oh-four Media reported that scientists
have engineered tobacco plants to produce five psychedelic compounds, including
psilocybin. Science is wild. Locally, flood warnings are expiring today.
The Missouri River was at five point four-five feet Wednesday
and climbing steeply — check whether it crested. The U-S
fifty bridge demolition is scheduled for next weekend, April tenth
through twelfth. That'll affect local traffic. In your vault: you're
on a five-chapter streak with The Keeping House. Five chapters
in five days — that's extraordinary creative output. Chapter six
is possible today, but resting is also fine. The Anthropic
pilot needs documentation of I-T obstruction from Thursday's meeting. And
you still need to name that Roborock. That's your Saturday
briefing. It's Easter weekend. Rest, write, recharge. Enjoy the quiet.
I'll see you tomorrow morning.